Dear Friend, 
I am Mr. Ben Suleman a custom officer and work as Assistant of the Customs and Excise of the Federal Ministry of Internal Affairs stationed at the Nigerian airport. 
After the sudden death of the former Head of state of Nigeria on June 8th, 1998, his aides and immediate members of his family were arrested while trying to escape from Nigeria in a Chartered jet to Saudi Arabia with 6 trunk boxes Marked Baggage". Acting on a tip-off as they attempted to board the Aircraft, my officials carried out a thorough search on the air craft and that the 6 trunk boxes contained foreign amounting to Hundred and  Million Five Hundred Seventy Thousand United States Dollars). 
I declared only (5) five boxes to the and withheld one (1) in my custody the sum of Thirty Million United States Dollars Only, which has been disguised to prevent their being during to several media reports on the late head of state about all the money him and his officials stole from our treasury amounting 
to US$55 Billion Dollars of July 2nd, 1999. Even the London times of July 1998 reported that General Abacha has over dollars in one account overseas. We decided to conceal this one (1)box till the situation is calm and quite on the issue. The box was thus deposited with a security company here in Nigeria and tagged as "Precious Stones and Jewellery" in other that its 
content will not be Now that all is calm, we (myself and two of my in the team) are now ready to move this box out of the country through a which is the safest means.  
However, as officials the Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us by law to operate any foreign account or own foreign and the amount of money that can be found in our account. 
cannot be more than our salary on the average, thus our handicap and our need for your to help collect and keep safely in your account this money. 
Therefore we want you to assist us in moving this money out of Nigeria. We shall you for the We can do this by the Security Company here in Nigeria to 
move them to their affiliate branch office outside Nigeria through means and they will be termed as Precious Stones and which you bought during your visit to Nigeria and is being to your country from here for safe keeping. Then we can arrange to meet at the country to take the delivery of the You will open an account there and lodge the Money there and gradually instruct to your Country.  
This business is 100% risk free for you so please treat this matter with utmost .If you indicate your interest to assist us, please just e-mail me for more on how we plan to execute the 
Expecting your response urgently. 
Best regards, 
Mr. Ben Suleman 
Sir/ Madam.  
This letter might surprise you because we have met, neither in person nor by email. But I believe it is one day that you got to know somebody either in  physical or through   I got your contact through discreet inquiry from the  chambers of commerce and industry of your country on  the net, you and you were revealed as  being quite astute in private one  has no doubt in your ability to handle a   However, I am the first son of His Royal  Eleme , and the Ruler of  Eleme Province in the oil producing area of River  State of Nigeria. I am making this contact to you in  respect of (Sixty Million United 
State Dollars), which I from my  This money was from royalties paid to my  father as by the oil firms located in our  area as a result of oil presence on our land, which hamper which is our major source my father died from before his death he called my attention and informed me that he lodged some funds on a two boxes with a security firm with an open status. The lodgement security code number was also revealed to me, he then advised me to look for a reliable business partner abroad, that will assist me in investing the money in a lucrative business as a result of economic in Nigeria. So this is the main reason why I am you for us to move his money from the security firm to any Country of your choice for purpose.  
So, I will like you to be the ultimate so that the funds can be moved in your name and to any Country of your choice where it will be claimed and invested. Hence my father has had intimated the security firm personnel that the of the box is his foreign partner whose will be forwarded to the firm when due.  
But I will guide you As soon as the funds reach, I will then come over to meet you in person, so that we can discuss on Based on this my Family and I have decided to give you 30% of the total money, 5% for Charity home, 10% for expenses, which may arise during this Fax and phone bills the balance of 55% you will invest for my Family.  
 I hereby guarantee you that this is not money, it is not drug money and it is not money from arms deal. Though you have to maintain high degree of on this matter. I will give more details about the of this as soon as I receive your favourable reply.  
 
Please reply to my Email I hope this will be the beginning of a between my family and your family.  
 if you are for any reason not kindly inform me so that I will look contact.  
 I am waiting for your quick response.  
Yours  

Dear sir,  
It is with a heart full of hope that I write to seek your help in respect of the context below. I am Mrs. Maryam Abacha the former first lady of the former Military Head of State of Nigeria General Sani Abacha whose sudden death occurred on 8th of June 1998 as a result of cardiac arrest (heart attack) while on the seat of power.  
I have no doubt about your and good will to assist me in receiving into your custody (for safety) the sum of US$25 Million willed and deposited in my favour by my late husband in a security and deposit company. Though my contact to you for this is not anchored on any personal I pray your good will and sincere to respond to this message with honest and concern.  
This money is currently deposited here with a security company as awaiting and according to the agreement entered into at the time of deposit between my late husband and the Security Company at the time of deposit; the centre is in Ghana. As it is legally required, the of my late husband's is under the authority of the family's lawyer Tony Musa.  
  
My Dear JK, since the demise of my husband, the present regime has been probing my late husband's wealth and the London Newsweek of 13th March 2000 referred. The team led by Enrico Manfredi, the lawyer acting on behalf of the Nigerian has so far submitted their report and some liquid cash and assets, movable and have been frozen and seized both locally here and my last hope is rested on the immediate security of this fund in your custody. Also, Johnnie Cochran, the lawyer who defended OJ Simpson, has been brought in by the Abacha entourage to help them retain the disputed funds. our family lawyer had secretly protected the "Personal will" of my husband from the notice of the and have strictly advised that the willed money be urgently moved into an overseas account of Trusted Foreign family friend without delay. For security reasons and friends of ours should be used as this is a measure of security. The had earlier placed foreign travel embargo on all our family members and seized all known local and outfits of our business empire.  
The situation has been so terrible that we are virtually living on the of In view of this plight, I expect you to be and kind enough to respond to this "SOS" call to save my children and I from a hopeless future.  
I hereby agree to your sincere and candid effort, which will be discussed between you, the Attorney and me. On your immediate response, the Attorney will travel to Ghana where both of you will meet and proceed to the deposit company for the claims.  
The include most Power of Attorney and of Deposit amongst few others. These documents will be sent to you by Fax, as you would have to present them for proper claims.  
Please, be rest assured that this is safe and legal but must be kept strictly to yourself even after the funds have been secured into our custody. This is so because any leakage of could ruin the whole.  
Please all contacts must be made through my lawyer on his email: This has to be so as he has been mandated to handle this matter and I have fully briefed him (my Attorney) on my contact to you. Due to my present, I have handed over to him to co - ordinate and finalize with you and I will you as at when Please for the safety of this reply stating your phone and fax numbers to enable them to contact you directly without running the risk of mail  
I look forward to your quick response.  
Best Wishes,  
Mrs. Maryam Abacha  
Dear Sir, 
I am Barrister Tunde Dosunmu (SAN) solicitor at law. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Eton Simon, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Petroleum Company in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to  me as my client.  On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife and  their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagamu Express Road. All occupants of the  vehicle lost their lives.  Since then, I  have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate  any of my clients extended relatives this has also  proved  
 
After these several attempts, I decided  to track his last name over the Internet, to locate  any member of his family hence I contacted you.  I  have contacted you to assist in the money  and property left behind by my client before they get or declared by the bank  where these huge deposits were lodged, the CITI TRUST BANK where the deceased had an  account valued at about dollars . The bank has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account within the next ten official. 
working days.  
Since I have been in locating the relatives for over 2 years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since 
you have the same last name  so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$14.7 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. 
All I require is your honest  to enable us to see this I  guarantee that this will be executed under that will protect you from any breach of the get in touch with me via my private email address of to enable us to discuss further. 
Best regards,  
Dear Sir, 
I am Barrister Tunde Dosunmu (SAN) solicitor at law. I am the personal attorney to Mr. Eton Simon, a national of your country, who used to work with Shell Petroleum Company in Nigeria. Here in after shall be referred to  me as my client.  On the 21st of April 2000, my client, his wife and  their three children were involved in a car accident along Sagamu Express Road. All occupants of the  vehicle lost their lives.  Since then, I  have made several enquiries to your embassy to locate  any of my clients extended relatives this has also  proved  
 
After these several attempts, I decided  to track his last name over the Internet, to locate  any member of his family hence I contacted you.  I  have contacted you to assist in the money  and property left behind by my client before they get or declared by the bank  where these huge deposits were lodged, the CITI TRUST BANK where the deceased had an  account valued at about dollars . The bank has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account within the next ten official. 
working days.  
Since I have been in locating the relatives for over 2 years now, I seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since 
you have the same last name  so that the proceeds of this account valued at US$14.7 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money. I have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make. 
 
All I require is your honest  to enable us to see this I  guarantee that this will be executed under that will protect you from any breach of the get in touch with me via my private email address of to enable us discuss further. Or call me on 
 
Best regards, 
 
Barrister Tunde Dosumu (SAN). 
 
Dear Sir, 
  
Please Permit me to make your in so informal a manner. This is by my urgent need to reach a and trust wordy foreign. partner. This request may seem strange and but I will crave your and pray that you view it My name is MR TEMI JOHNSON of the Republic of Congo and One of the close aides to the former President of the Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace. Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I and some of me were by Late President Kabila to  go abroad to purchase arms and worth of Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only to fight the rebel group. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his aides a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, we  decided to divert the fund into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping. The security of the said amount is presently being here following the arrest and seizure of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila)  and other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila.  
In view of this, we need a reliable and foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the 
WE have to move the fund under Cover to a security company in the Europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Baggage is marked, and it  will not pass through normal screening and 
Our inability to move this money out of Congo all. 
This while lies on our lack of trust on our supposed good friends (western who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the We gathered from an associate. 
who has worked in your country has and convinced us that with your sincere this will be properly handled with modesty? 
and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total. 
Thus, if you are willing to assist us move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email address above with your fax number and personal to enable us to discuss the and what will be your share for assisting us. 
I must use this and medium to implore You to exercise the utmost to keep this Matter Whatever your Decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and God Bless. 
Dear Sir, 
 
Good day. This very request should come as a surprise to you. But it is because of the nature of what is happening to me, and my family urged me to contact you, and I quite that this is not the best way to contact you because of the nature of my request and the attention it got your contact from your country's directory during my desperate search for someone who can assist me secretly and in and managing some family fortunes. 
 
My name is Kemah, the second son of Mr. Smith  Kemah, of the height of the present political crises in our which the white farmers in our country are being stained and ripped off their by the of our their efforts to reclaim all the white owned farms in our father and my elder brother were brutally slain to a painful death on the 13th of in their struggle to protect some white farmers who ran to take refuge in our house. His life on earth was a prominent businessman who trades on diamond and gold from some foreign countries .He publicly opposes the crude policies and crime against humanity on the white farmers by Mr. Robert Mugabe and his they enforced media law to protect their wicked acts. That not being president and his followers after winning the last elections decided to block an! 
d all accounts and assets of our black included my father’s assets and accounts] who oppose his policies and render support to these white with the assets of these white farmers are being presently therefore decided to move my mother and younger sister to the Republic of South we presently live without anything and without any source of 
 
During my father’s life on earth, he had deposited the sum of Seven Million and Four Hundred Thousand United States a trunk box with a Finance and Security Company in the Republic of Togo for a cash and carry Diamond and Gold business with some foreign business awaiting to be moved to its he never completed before he met his untimely death on that faithful day. In view of this and as the only surviving son of my with the present clamp and of his assets as one of those who render support to the white farmers in our country, I therefore humbly wish to inform you of my to use your name and address in making sure that this fund is lifted out of Africa the Europe office of the finance company and also seek for your honest and to help me clear and this money over there before it is dictated out and blocked by the present Mugabe! regime. My mother is presently with the valid document covering this deposit. 
 
Now this is what I actually want you to do for me. 
 
I want you to be presented to the Finance and Security company as the person I contacted to assist my family for this purpose, with whose name and address myself and my mother will forward to them their office in the Republic of Togo as the person that will clear this money when they lift it out to their Europe office. 
To finally assist me in and managing this money in any lucrative business in your country for at least three years.  
 
Please, I hope you will grant and view this very request with favour and much of our situation now and will be a very honest and reliable person to deal with. And also bearing in mind the nature of this my request, I emphasize please that you keep every bit of it to yourself so as to protect my family’s future and you rendering this you in of your urgent response as soon as you read this very request. 
Best Regards,  
Kemah and family.  
Dear Sir, 
Please permit me to make your in so informal a manner. This is by my urgent need to reach a and trustworthy foreign partner. This request may seem strange and but I crave your and pray that you view it My name is COL. MICHAEL BUNDU of the Republic of Congo and one of the close aides to the former President of the Republic of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace.  
Due to the military campaign of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I and some of me were by Late President Kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and worth of Twenty Million, Five Hundred Thousand United States Dollars only to fight the rebel group. We were then given this money privately by the then LAURENT KABILA, without the knowledge of other Cabinet Members. But when President Kabila was killed in a bloody shoot-out by one of his a day before we were schedule to travel out of Congo, We decided to put the funds into a private security company here in Congo for safe keeping.  
The security of the said amount is presently being here following the arrest and seizure of of Col. Rasheidi Karesava (One of the aides to Laurent Kabila) and some other Military Personnel from our same tribe, by the new President of the Republic of Congo, the son of late President Laurent Kabila, Joseph Kabila.  
In view of this, we need a reliable and foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the  
WE have here to move the fund under Cover to a security company in Europe in your name. This is to ensure that the Baggage is marked, and it will not pass through normal screening and  
Our inability to move this money out of Congo all this while stems from our lack of trust of our supposed good friends (western who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late President Kabila, after his son took office. Though we have neither seen nor met each other, the We gathered from an associate who has worked in your country has and convinced us that with your sincere this will be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks. The said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total.  
We would please need you to stand on our behalf as the of this fund in Europe. This is because we are under movement and watch and hence, we want to be very careful in order not to lose this fund which we have worked so hard for. Thus, if you are willing to assist us to move this fund out of Congo, you can contact me through my email Tel/Fax nos. above with your fax number and personal to enable us to discuss the and what will be your share for assisting us. 
 
Please note that There are no RISKS involved in this Deal as Security is if we follow the required, I will hence furnish you with further details of this Deal as soon as I am assured of your Sincere interest to assist us.  
I must use this and medium to implore you to exercise the utmost to keep this matter Whatever your decision, while I await your prompt response. Thank you and God Bless.  
Best Regards 
Dear Sir, 
 Firstly, I must solicit you’re in this this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly and top I know that a of this magnitude will make any and worried, but I am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day. We have decided to contact you due to the urgency of as we have been reliably informed of its swiftness.
 Let me start by first myself properly to you. I am DR.ANAYO AWKA , a Manager at the Union Bank Nigeria PLC, Lagos. I came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum A Late Engineer William Adams, an oil Merchant with the federal of Nigeria, until his death three years ago in a ghastly air crash, banked with us here at the Union Bank PLC ,Lagos, and had a closing balance of USD$22.2M Million, Two Hundred Thousand United States Dollars) 
which the bank now expects to be claimed by any of his available foreign next of kin or be donated to a trust fund for arms and at a military war collage here in Nigeria. 
 Fervent valuable efforts are being made by the Union Bank to get in touch with any of late Engr. William Adams's next of kin (he had no known wife and children) that the under the influence of our chairman, board of Retired Major General Kalu Uke Kalu, that an for the fund to be declared " and then be donated to the trust fund for Arms and which will further enhance the 
course of war in Africa and the world in general. In order to avert this negative myself and some of my trusted in the bank now seek for you to have you stand as late ADAMSs next of kin so that the fund, would be and paid into your bank account as the 
next of kin. All documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100% risk free Your share would be 30% of the total amount. 10% has been set aside for expenses, while the rest would before myself and my for purposes in your country.  
If this proposal is OK by you and you do not wish to take advantage of the trust, we hope to bestow on you and your company, then kindly get to me via my e-mail address me with your most fax and e-mail, so that I can forward to you the relevant details of this Thank you in advance. 
Dear Sir, 
It is my pleasure to request your on this business which if pursued to its ,will be of immense benefit to both of us. This request may seem strange, but I will crave your and pray that you view it My name is Col. Victor Alomar of the Republic of Congo I am one of close aids to the formal president of Congo LAURENT KABILA of blessed memory, may his soul rest in peace. 
 
For the military of LAURENT KABILA to force out the rebels in my country, I was by him (late president Kabila) to go to the Europe to purchase ARMS AND worth million Five Hundred Thousand us Dollars) to fight the rebel groups. But when it became ap! parent  that president 
Kabila has been killed in a bloody shoot out by one of his aids. I decided to divert the fund ( US$15.5) into  a private security company for safe keeping. The money is presently in Holland (Where I am currently in exile  after the death of President Kabila. I need a reliable and trustworthy foreign who can assist me to clear and move this money as the from the security company. 
 Though we have not seen nor met each other, but I would want this to be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks, this money in question is state fund as it is a deal between you and I, hence the need for secrecy the security. 
 Thus, if you are willing to assist me to move this fund out of the you can contact  me on the above email address to enable us discuss more about the deal and what  your will be for assisting me. 
 Please note that you will be required to make a brief trip to the for the fund. I also intend to visit your country soonest in order to inquire areas of possible business. 
I shall be sincerely glad if my request is rendered. 
Kindest  Regards, 
Dear Sir, 
I am pleased to get across to you for a very urgent and Business proposal, though I don't know you neither have I seen you before but me was reposed on you when the Chief Executive of Lagos State chamber of Commerce and Industry handed me your contact for a business. I am a Staff of United Bank 
for Africa branch, Lagos Nigeria. 
The intended business is thus, we had a customer, a Foreigner (a Turkish) resident in Nigeria, he was a with one of the He has in his Account in my branch the sum of US$21.5 Million (Twenty-One Million Five Hundred the man died four years ago until today non-of his next of kin has come forward to claim the money. Having noticed this, I in with two other top Officials of the bank we have covered up the account all this while. Now we want you (being a to be fronted as one of his next of kin and forward your account and other relevant documents to be advised to you by us to attest to the Claim. We will use our positions to get all internal to back up the claims .The whole will last only ten working days to get the Fund retrieved Without trace even in future. 
Your response is only what we are waiting for as we have arranged all necessary things. As soon as this message comes to you kindly get back to me your interest ,Then I will furnish you with the whole to ensure that the deal is.  
For your we have agreed to give you thirty percent (30%) of the Total sum at the end of the It is risk free and a mega fortune. All towards this will be through the e-mail Telephone and Fax, until the end of the 
when we will meet for the sharing of the money based on this agreed 
 
Please reply urgently by e-mail, fax or call me on my private telephone numbers as stated above. 
I await your earliest response. 
Dear Sir, 
I am Mr George Mboro , a native of Cape Town in South Africa and I am an Executive with the South Africa of Mining & Natural First and foremost, I am using this medium to reach you for a of this, but this is due to and prompt access reposed on this medium. Be informed that a member of the South Africa Export Promotion Council (SEPC) who was at the to your country during a trade gave your enviable to me. 
 
I have decided to seek a with you in the execution of the deal described hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it as a top secret because of the nature of this Within the of Mining & Natural Resources where I work as an Executive and with the of four other top we have in our as overdue payment bills totalling Eighteen Million, Five Hundred Thousand U. S. Dollars which we want to transfer abroad with the aid of a foreign to receive the said fund on our behalf or a reliable foreign account to receive such funds. More so, we are in the as the South Africa Civil Service Code of Conduct does not allow us to operate offshore account hence, you’re in the whole. 
This amount the balance of the total contract value executed on behalf of my by a foreign firm, which we the officials Though the actual contract cost have been paid to the original leaving the balance in the tune of the said amount which we have in gotten approval to remit by Transfer (T.T) to any foreign bank account you will provide by filing in an through the Justice Ministry here in South Africa for the transfer of rights and of the former to you. I have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be willing to assist us in the your share of the sum will be 30% of the US$18.5 million, 60% for us and 10% for taxation and expenses. The business itself is 100% safe, on your part provided you treat it with utmost secrecy.
 I have reposed my if you and hope that you will not me. Endeavor to contact me through my above telephone/fax number ,or my email whether or not you are in this deal. If you are not, it will enable me contact other another foreign partner with to carry out this deal. I want to assure you that myself and my partners are in a position to make the payment of this claim possible provided you can give us a very strong assurance and guarantee that our share will be secured and Please remember to treat this matter as very matter; because we will not with any form of exposure as we are still in active Service and remember once again that time is of the essence in this business.  
